this is my review and unboxing for I be
beautiful I be beautiful is a box
specifically for teens and tweens there
are two different boxes there's the
graphic tee box that's twenty-eight
dollars and this is regardless of what
age you pick and it comes with a graphic
tee obviously and it also has links like
lip gloss nail our hair products and
accessories all kinds of fun stuff just
for girls there's also just the basic
box that's eighteen dollars that has
everything i mentioned minus the t-shirt
so this is the tween box and i believe
this is the graphic tee ball so we'll
just have to find out because I I took a
quick pink but I haven't gone all
through it so this is how the box comes
and so first thing is this is the theme
of the month this month's theme is
called self-confidence and this talks
about wearing an invisible crown be a
princess better yet be a queen be
royalty and it talks about what
qualities a queen would be says a queen
is responsible she's a good role model
because the world is watching her she's
honest and she's friendly but most
important she knows her own self-worth
she's confident in herself so I like
that they have taken the notion of being
a queen and a princess and made it to be
something very positive about having
self-confidence and you know could be in
a good role model and not just about you
know fun sparkly pampered kind of a
theme so I like that here is the
information card and this tells you
everything in the box with the retail
value and then this obviously tells you
it's the tween box right so there's lots
of little squiggles
and it's lost something okay so first
autumn is really pretty this is a pink
sequined in orange headband and this is
by natural life this has a retail value
of fourteen dollars and it says we don't
expect you to wear an actual ground but
this will work nicely this is fun and I
know a little girl who will love this
then this is pretty young thing my
reflection rules face lotion in yumberry
scent smell this this has a really sweet
candy like smell very useful any you
know little girl would love this let's
see the retail value of this is ten
dollars says yumberry antioxidants
nourishing aloe fresh natural yumberry
sent are all in this oil free lotion
perfect for young skin thanks to PYT for
a full size sample this retails for ten
dollars so that's awesome it's full size
alright then this is stick marker so
these are like little bitty sticky like
post-it notes um you can use them in
books or you know just stick around the
house these are little bees and clovers
really cute these retail for six dollars
and it says stick fun little notes and
reminders about how awesome and queenly
you are all around your room and inside
your books alright then
we have a t-shirt and this says always
wear an invisible crown and this is in
size there we go I can't find a cipher
okay but you personalize the size oh
there's a cute little elephant with a
crown on here too how fun alright so
here is the shirt there's a little
elephant with the crown on the bottom
really cute alright so that is
everything in the IV beautiful box this
is for May 2014 and this is a really fun
box I think it said oh there was one
thing left this is the bohemian
friendship bracelet and this retails for
twelve dollars and this is adjust to
your wrist and cut and retie the knot at
the end really nice that's really cute
alright so that is everything about us
that's a lot of stuff so this is the
28th dollar box and if you want to sign
up just click the link below this is a
fun box for girls so there's a box for
tweens which is this box and also for
teens so be sure to check out their
website to find box I'm sure any girl
would have fun with this so give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
please subscribe to my channel and that
way you won't miss any of my unboxings
also be sure to check out my website at
subscription box mom calm and that is
where I have all my full reviews I also
list new coupon codes and deals that
come out so I don't always update I
don't always read eight the videos with
new coupons so be sure to follow me on
my website
what you won't miss a great deal because
there's free boxes that come up all the
time and i will post about those so
thanks for watching